DateRangeBox: Add Getting Started with DateRangeBox guide (#5041)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DateRangeBox/00 Getting Started with DateRangeBox/05 Create the DateRangeBox.md

            DxDateRangeBoxModule
        ],
        providers: [ ],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue (Options API) -->
    <template>
        <DxDateRangeBox
            // Configuration goes here
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxDateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxDateRangeBox
        }
    }
    </script>

    <!-- tab: App.vue (Composition API) -->
    <template>
        <DxDateRangeBox
            // Configuration goes here  
        />
    </template>

    <script setup>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxDateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';
    // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-react/date-range-box';

    export default function App() { 
        return (
            <DateRangeBox ...
                // Configuration goes here
            />
        );
    }

---

> If you run this code, you will see the DateRangeBox that allows users to specify or pick dates in a specific range. Next, we will configure the UI component's available date range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this code. You will see a DateRangeBox component that allows users to enter or pick two dates (a date range). The next step configures date range constraints.
```
